c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmNasabah.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmRegistrasi.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmTransaksi.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmMenuUtama.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmAdmin.resources
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.exe.manifest
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.application
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.exe.manifest
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman.application
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\Aplikasi Pengajuan Peminjaman\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Pengajuan_Peminjaman.frmTampil.resources
